# OneStop-Multifeature-Web-Application-using-Angular-JS-and-Java
In this busy and hectic schedule, time management plays a vital role. One Stop application has the following four features. Online food delivery app, online pharmacy, online ticket reservation system & online hotel accommodation booking system. One Stop application becomes a complete travel package for the passengers & reduces passengers’ effort and time. This application helps the user in ordering food, purchasing medicines, booking train tickets & finding accommodation in top hotels in and around the respective city. To enable users to complete their entire process in a single place, especially helps for travelers. To implement multi user application using angular and implementing routes among the components. There exists a separate login for admin, so that the admin can keep track of the users using the application. To make a record of the users using the application with the backend connected server. To register themselves and login using respective login credentials and make use of the respective service needed. You may increase accuracy by streamlining your business procedures with the use of web applications. A custom web application is entirely flexible and adjustable to your business's demands and growth because it is created particularly to meet your company's needs. Because SAAS libraries are adaptable, the motion future of web design may be intriguing. In order to create fully responsive apps, developers can easily integrate UI/UX components with CSS, HTML, and JavaScript. A typical web application collects the user data by interacting via Html pages, JavaScript, Angular framework etc. The requests and responses are processed by Java and the processed data will be transferred to web server and stored in SQL database. The application is encrypted using SHA-256 algorithm and all the components are encrypted using the algorithm. Once the user logins, the data will be collected and verified. Only the authenticated users will be allowed to process further, if not, they will not be allowed further. The main aim of this application is to make sure that the passengers can make use of all the services form their place itself with single login. They can not only have to make use of all components, but can make use of the component of their wish. All the components are locked using angular lock and only after proper completion of certain step, user will be directed further. The entire application has single login which helps in reducing efforts and time of the users.
